Add `api.paramFields.expanded` to docs (#251)
mintlify/docs: settings/global.mdx

      <Warning>This behavior will soon be enabled by default, at which point this field will be deprecated.</Warning>
    </ResponseField>

    <ResponseField name="paramFields" type="ApiParamFields">

>       Configurations for the param fields in the API Playground

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Configurations for the param fields on an OpenAPI-generated page
```

      <Expandable title="ApiParamFields">
        <ResponseField name="expanded" default="none" type='"all" | "topLevel" | "topLevelOneOfs" | "none"'>

>           Changes the default expanded state of expandable options in the API playground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          The default expanded state of expandable options in the API playground.
```

>           `"all"` defaults every expandable component to open.
> 
>           `"topLevel"` defaults every top-level expandable component to open.
> 
>           `"topLevelOneOfs"` defaults every top-level expandable component that has a `oneOf` type in the OpenAPI spec to open.
> 
>           `"none"` or leaving `expanded` undefined defaults every expandable component to closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          `"all"` - every expandable component is expanded

          `"topLevel"` - every top-level expandable component is expanded

          `"topLevelOneOfs"` - every top-level `oneOf` type is expanded

          `"none"` - every expandable component is closed (default behavior)
```
